Good morning.

Today, I'd like to talk about open-source development and money.

Like many of you in this room, I was immediately hooked when I first started in web design.

One of the first resources you discover is _view source_.

When it comes to trade education resources, Viewable source code is perhaps the Web's greatest feature. Think of all the many web professionals who have come to this profession



View source continues

## View source

When it comes to front-end development, I can think of no better feature to the craft than _view source_. We all view source every day in our jobs and personal projects -- so much so that its use is just integrated as _what web designers do_. It's like breathing -- an invisible act. So I'd like to contemplate it for a bit at the start here.

When any web designer is first starting out. They learn about HTML, and the syntax, opening and closing brackets, and perhaps a bit about semantic markup. And this is typical of learning any new coding platform. But what makes front-end development special, is that the code we produce is always viewable. Meaning, you can look at any page, and discover how a portion of that page was made. Anything that you experience on that page can be inspected behind the scenes.

It's like opening up a watch, and discovering all the gears and springs inside.

But you just don't get _one_ watch, some used-up piece of junk that doesn't even tick anymore. You can open up any watch on any wrist, while it's ticking away.

Now even more amazing, is the fact that _view source_, this incredible pocket-watch x-ray vision technology, is free and widely available. It's a feature of every browser dating back to classical age of the Web. Any desktop Web user already has access to it.

View Source is an incredible tool for self-education. Anyone who is interested can leverage view source, and learn as much as they want. I imagine this speaks for a lot of in this room, most of us are self-educated when it comes to our jobs as front-end developers.

Consider the economic reprecusions of such a platform. View source is free as in money

##

View Source is not



what it means economically for the web design profession




---

Isotope is a good product. It's not perfect, but it's good.

But the business model completely depends on the honor system.

- Is this fair to my customers? 

Bermuda beach rental

---

I'm sharing all of this, not because I think Isotope is great and I want you to buy it. I think this is a good idea. There is something of worth to it. And so I'm asking you, if you're interested, consider taking this idea - of getting paid for a front-end development resource - and fork it.


---


## Open-source resources

### [Masonry](http://masonry.desandro.com)

<iframe src="http://masonry.desandro.com/" allowTransparency="true"> </iframe>

### [Isotope](http://isotope.metafizzy.co)


<iframe src="http://isotope.metafizzy.co/" allowTransparency="true"> </iframe>


+ Nights & weekends
+ Not part of my day job


